Buy American” is back in vogue among U.S. equity investors after a years-long global diversification push
                  failed to bear fruit.Domestically focused equity mutual and exchange-traded funds have booked back-to-back 
                  months of inflows, while international funds traded in the U.S. have suffered outflows over the same stretch, 
                  according to DataTrek Research co-founder Nicholas Colas. It’s the first time since the trade war heated up
                  in the middle of 2018 that withdrawals have hit non-U.S. oriented funds in consecutive months. Investors’ 
                  U.S. shift has occurred in the midst of a torrid 16 percent advance for the S&P 500 Index this year that has 
                  put it within spitting distance of its all-time high and outshined returns in emerging markets, developed 
                  markets and global equity benchmarks. Investors put $4.7 billion to work in U.S. equity funds during February 
                  and March while taking out nearly $7 billion from internationally-geared opportunities, according to Colas, 
                  who cites data from the Investment Company Institute.This marks a stark reversal of the prevailing trend 
                  since 2017, which has seen money move to international equity funds at the expense of domestic counterparts.
                  The thinking in recent years had been that the U.S.’s decade-long bull-market run had gone on for so long and
                  reached such heights that it was inevitable that global markets were poised to play catchup.That’s no longer 
                  the prevailing theory. Bank of America’s March survey of fund managers showed growing pessimism on the 
                  global economy. Shorting European equities was judged to be the most crowded trade in markets in the survey, 
                  which found two-thirds of respondents expect below-trend growth and inflation globally over the next year.The 
                  shift back to U.S. equities is based on the simple fact that they continue to outperform global alternatives, 
                  notes Colas. But on a deeper level, he adds, it could be fostered by deglobalization, a lack of faith in Europe
                  or Japan’s ability to reflate their economies via monetary stimulus, and the elevated weighting of technology 
                  stocks in U.S. indexes compared with other bourses.Lawrence Hamtil, a financial adviser at Fortune Financial 
                  Advisors, takes a longer view. Since 1986, American outperformance in equities has been the rule, not the 
                  exception, he says1
